Authors:
Team NO:1
Antonis Louca
Konstantinos Christou
Marios Papadiomedous


This project simulates a multithreaded mail server for the POP3 protocol.
Only the basic functionalities of the protocol are supported.

These are briefly the commands that the server supports:
    USER : Authenticate by giving the username.
    PASS : Authenticate by giving the password.
    STAT : Request the statistics of the mail box. 
    LIST : Request a list of the messages in the mail box. 
    RETR : Retrieve a message from the mail box.
    DELE : Delete a message from the mail box.
    CAPA : List of suppeorted commands. 
    UIDL : Returns unique identifiers for each email,
    QUIT : Terminate the connection. 
Given a command other than the ones stated above will yield an error code.
Each command has its own restrictions and possible error codes.
Violating a command restriction will yield an error code.
An indepth description of these restitions can be found in the RFC1939 document:
            https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1939


The config.txt can be used to configure the settings of the server.

The AUTHORIZATION State: 
------------------------
The state that authenticates the user. 
In this state only two commands can be used. 
        (eg. USER/user <username> followed by  PASS/pass <passsword> command)
The AUTHORIZATION state does not change until the AUTHORIZATION is established
which happens when both user and pass commands are given.

The TRANSACTION State: 
----------------------
Once the client has successfully established a connection the client can execute
the following commands
    1)STAT: Request the statistics of the mail box. 
        STAT command takes no arguments and can be performed only in the 
        TRANSACTION state.
        This command returns +OK response along with the number of messages in
        mailbox, followed by the total size of it. All messages that are marked as 
        deleted are not counted.

        Possible Responses:
             +OK nn mm

         Examples:
             C: STAT
             S: +OK 2 320

    2)LIST: Request a list of the messages in the mail box. 
        LIST command takes an optional message-number, as an argument.
        It may only be given in the TRANSACTION state.
        All messages that are marked as deleted are not counted.
        If an argument was given the server returns +OK with a line containing
        the message number specified by the given argument, followed by the 
        total size of that message in octets.
        If no argument was given the server returns +OK along with the 
        total number of messages in the maildrop and the total size of the 
        maildrop, followed by multiple lines containing information for 
        each individual message in the maildrop. 
        Each line contains the message name followed by its size in octets.

        Possible Responses:
            +OK 
            -ERR
        
        Examples:
            C: LIST
            S: +OK 2 messages (320 octets)
            S: 1 120
            S: 2 200
            S: .
              ...
            C: LIST 2
            S: +OK 2 200
              ...
            C: LIST 3
            S: -ERR no such message, only 2 messages in maildrop

    3)RETR: Retrieve a message from the mail box.
            In order for the Retrieve command to work, 
            the state of the session must be to the transaction state.
            The command must be followed by a number referring 
            to the message id(e,g RETR 1 CRLF, retrieve message with id 1).
            If message exists the server will reply by sending “+OK X octets CRLF” where X 
            is the filesize followed by the message itself. Each line will be ending using CRLF.
            When ”.CRLF” is received then the full message has been send. It is important to mention 
            that if a line of message contains the “.” Symbol then another dot is added.

    4)DELE: Delete a message from the mail box.
            The delete command takes as arguments a number representing the name 
            of the message which is mandatory.
            The command marks a message as deleted, but does not delete the message
            until the update state is reached. If the message does not 
            exist, or was deleted by a previous command, then an error message 
            is returned. 

            Possible Responses:
             +OK message deleted
             -ERR no such message

             Examples:
             C: DELE 1
             S: +OK message 1 deleted
                ...
             C: DELE 2
             S: -ERR message 2 already deleted

THE UPDATE STATE:
-----------------

    5)QUIT: Terminate the connection. 
            The quit command is accessible from both authentication and transaction state. 
            When given(e.g “QUIT CRLF), the session changes to the UPDATE state where 
            all the changes happened during the session will be saved. Server will respond 
            using “+OK POP3 server signing off (mailbox empty)CRLF” if no changes were made,  “+OK X POP3 
            server signing off (Y messages left)”.X is the session username and Y is the messages left on mailbox. 
            In the case of any error occur, server will respond using the “-ERR some deleted messages not removed CRLF” message.

    			NOTE: CAPA and QUIT commands can be used at any state of the session.
	 			All Rights Reserved © 2021
	
	
	
	 
	 
	 
